- [Instructor] Before taking a closer look
at the Java collections framework,
let's talk a bit about who the course is for
and what you should know ahead of time.
If you're a Java developer who knows the basics,
this course is a great next step
for advancing your knowledge of the language.
It will teach you how to work
with the collection framework's interfaces
and data structure implementations.
These are some of the most heavily-used classes in Java.
So as a Java developer, you'll read and write code
that uses these data structures constantly.
That makes this course a great investment of your time
because you'll benefit instantly
and throughout the rest of your career.
There are a few things that you'll need for the course.
This course is great for Java developers
who want to advance past language fundamentals,
like variables, data types, and arrays.
However, it shouldn't be your first introduction to Java.
So if you've never worked with the language,
check out the LinkedIn Learning library
for an introductory course, like Learning Java.
To follow along with the course, you'll need to have JDK 11
and Maven installed on your machine.
You can run any operating system that you would like.
You'll also need an IDE.
I'll be using Eclipse throughout the lessons,
but you can follow along with your favorite editor.
Just know that you'll need to account
for any differences between the two.
That's all you need to get started with the course.
I'll handle the rest.